My torture began when, in 8th grade, my parents chose to put me in a Christian school after being home schooled all my life, It didn't take long after the first day that the girls started treating me poorly. Whenever we would have a break in between periods, they would call me out publicly for what I was wearing or how my hair looked. "Why are you wearing grandma clothes?" and "What did you do to your hair? Burn it?" were comments I became immune to. Then it was my body type they started picking apart. At 19, I still only weigh 107 pounds so I'm naturally petite. They started calling [edited] and calling me anorexic. I would go home every day and cry till i couldn't cry anymore. Then, as if it couldn't get any worse, my parents began the process of a divorce. [edited] It was then that I fell into depression. I even tried taking my own life by trying to choke myself with a belt. I became frustrated that it didn't work. I just wanted to die. My dad quickly removed me from the school and the two boys that had made the [edited] comment weren't even suspended or expelled. They were only made to apologize which they did with a smirk on their faces. I never went back to that place again nor did I ever speak to the kids who put me through all the pain. I ended up moving to a completely different state and started over. But only to get bullied once more by my ex boyfriend and his new girlfriend. They would tell everybody that I was a liar how I had supposedly cheated on my former boyfriend, bad mouthing me to everyone, and even trying to get me in trouble with my own dad and school officials for things I didn't even do. It ended up on one of my last weeks of my senior year they both waited for me to walk up the hill to my car after school and my ex boyfriend grabbed me on my upper arms, shook me, and yelled at me, while his girlfriend also was yelling at me for things I also had not done. The principle overlooked the matter and no disciplinary action took place. Now I'm in college, and I've tried to move past everything and become a better person in my own life.
If I can live through all of that, so can you. I pray every day for those bullies that tried to hurt me. Because in the end, they're only hurting themselves. 
