"It started in Year 7, which I think is like 6th Grade in America or something. There was this one boy; he was my tormentor, my intimidator and my oppressor. He considered me to be nothing more than a fat, ugly, mentally unstable child. I would go home, and I would cry myself to sleep every night without fail. He lived not to far away from me, and some nights he would follow me home. He would torment me and call me names the whole journey. I kept to myself about the bullying for SEVEN months.
But by the time I finally opened up about it, I was already diagnosed clinically depressed and I was already diagnosed with Trichotillomania - which was triggered through the bullying. Trichotillomania is a form of self abuse, and basically where you pull out your own hair constantly and uncontrollably. You cant help it and it is very difficult to stop. So now, I'm left eyelash-less, I don't have eyebrows, and I have bald patches in my hair.
The worst thing is, it wont stop. There have been cases where people have stopped it, and there hair has grown back like the disorder never even existed in their lives. But me? No. That wont happen. Most of my hair wont grow back, and the hairs/eyebrow hairs/eyelashes that do grow back blonde (I have naturally dark brown hair). They wont grow back because I have damaged the hair follicles.  The bald patches are so bad, that I have to put eye shadow in my hair that is the same colour as my natural hair colour, to cover it up. Even though it's still noticeable. I have to draw my eyebrows on, but you can tell they're drawn on so it's still noticeable. I have to wear eyeliner to try and hide it, but still, from the side it's noticeable.
This only give people another reason to bully me and more people joined in with the torment because it was ‘abnormal‘ to them. Since Year 7 (6th Grade), I've started cutting myself, burning myself, and starving myself. I'm now 14, in Year 10 (9th Grade), and I am covered from head to toe in scars, I've tried several times to end my life and I weigh just over 6 stone, which in proportion with my height and age is awfully underweight. Yet they still don't stop.
I've been having counselling and support from CAMHS (Child and Adolescent Mental Health Service) for almost 4 years now. Everyone knows, but not many care.
The bullying has decreased now, but I'm still left with the physical and mental scars. If you're being bullied, PLEASE speak out! You don't have to suffer alone x"

