Hi I'm Laura :) I met a girl in 7th grade,  let's call her A, and we were fast friends. After a while, I lost a lot of my friends (two of them ran off with each other, some just ,moved on).  But, she had a lot of other friends in our classes, so she would just hang out with me when none of the others were around. I didn't really mind, but then she started being friends with a girl, let's call her C. At lunch I sat with them (though I don't know why, I guess because I was a bit of a reject) and they would never include me. Sure, they'd ask me for some chocolate or sunflower seeds every now and then, but not much else. Whenever I tried to talk to her/them in the halls, A would just sideways glance at me and keep talking to C.
The last straw was when we had 2 days of presentations. My display board was close to hers, so we had to stand next to each other a lot. When I tried to talk to her or squeeze into a convo by adding a comment, she would say "Uh, I was talking to ______." Later, she asked if I could walk on my heels. I showed her I could, and she tried, but her heels were too skinny and her shoes were too strappy to walk on heels in them, so I said "Your shoes are too fancy to walk on your heels in." Apparently that got her riled up for some reason because all day she tried to get me back. She said her shoes were better than mine (my gramma gave me those shoes!), said my display board was boring because it was white and hers was amazing because it was purple, and criticized the way I presented my speech. When I asked other people, they didn't say the same things about it she did.
In all this, I still had friends here and there. One girl, Damaris, would always sit by me in homeroom. My stand partner in orchestra and I were buddies, too.
Always, always remember that if someone doesn't accept you, it's their loss. Never lose sight of the people who do care, those who matter. Know who's using you and who's a true friend. Stand up for yourself, because if I had I wouldn't have spent such a long time as a loner. ~Laura

