Hi. My name is Si'erra, and I have a personal bullying story I would like to share. It was a few months after school had started, and I was in my second period science class. A girl had came in because she transferred her class for an unknown reason. I thought Wow! Were getting a new person in our class. How exciting! But then my science teacher told her to sit in the desk next to me, to which she replied "No! I don't like her". I was so confused and set back by this. She barely knew my NAME and already, she was going to say that she didn't like me! I tried to push my feelings down and continue with my work, but it bothered me for the rest of the day.
 
A couple days later, the bell had rang for the end of science and I was still packing up. The girl had gotten in trouble and had to stay for a couple of minutes. And the whole time she kept calling me slow and yelled at me "Shoo bug shoo!" I wanted to say so many mean things back, but I just held it in and continued on my way. I was so mad! It went on like this, her calling me mean names like stupid, ugly, dumb, poor, childish. Then, during science again one day, we working making poster boards for the science fair project. She kept commenting behind my back saying that my poster board looked childish. Then she did something that no one who's ever bullied me has EVER done. She threw markers at me. I was really set off by this and began yelling at her and throwing them back, which I got in trouble for. I guess I didn't learn my lesson from that, because a few days later, she told her friend to throw something at me during lunch, and she did. I was so angry that I grabbed my eaten up chicken bone and threw it right at her. That night, I got into even more trouble than before. And because of that, I decided that I was going to ignore her. I knew it was going to be hard at first, and it was, but a month later it stopped.
 
But that was only for a couple of months. It was in my third period history class that everything changed. We were being paired up for a project, and we could only work in groups of four. Me and my friends paired up together, but we needed an extra person. My teacher suggested this guy who also bullied me, but not as frequently as the girl. I told him that I couldn't work with him, and another girl in my class kept complaining that I complain too much. I started arguing with her, which turned into an argument against the girl who was bullying me. My teacher broke us up, but the girl continued to bully me. So then, my friend pulled me out the class to talk to me. She said that I should report it to my guidance counselor or the front office. I didn't want to do it at first, since I did it with the girl who last bullied me and I was the only person that got in trouble. But I decided that enough was enough, and it was time for me to take action.
 
After class I reported the bullying case to the office, who made me write a report about it. I thought that would be the end of it, but it turns out that the girl had to write a report too. She said that all she ever told me was to "shut up" because I was a loud person, even though I knew that DEFINITELY wasn't true! Afterwards, I went to my fourth period gym class, where all the eighth graders have their gym class together. I sat in my squad, which was right next to hers. And she kept talking about me like I wasn't there, calling me so many names, and the only thing I could do was just sit there and be forced to listen.
 
Then, during math, something happened that I will NEVER forget! I went up to go get a piece of paper, and I heard a girl in my class say that I was not being bullied, and how she was bullied previously. I wanted to scream "AND YOU DON'T THINK I HAVEN'T?!" But instead, I started arguing that words DO hurt! Words hurt me! And then the girl who bullied me started yelling at me to shut up.
 
And that's when I completely snapped.
 
I went on and on ranting about how sick and tired I was of hearing her mouth. It went on for a couple minutes until my math teacher told me to go take a walk. I slammed the door as hard as I could and stormed out the classroom crying. I was so broken down inside. I couldn't take anymore of it. I ended up staying in my student helper's room for the rest of the day, and a few days later, the girl got expelled for beating up a seventh grader.
 
I just want to say that, in the end, things will get better. And I'm not just saying that! And if your being bullied, then tell your guidance counselor or your parents or anyone that you can trust! Because you can't keep going on like this! Trust me, they'll know how to help.

