I've been bullied for over six years now and it still goes on, it never seems to stop. It started when my Dad left when I was six, I told one friend and she back-stabbed me and told everybody, the next day people where making fun of me and laughing at me, and making jokes. I didn't tell my parents, the guidence counseler... I.Told.NOBODY. I went through third grade and fourth grade with only my two best guy friends, my Dad had had over three different girlfriends in the past two years. My Dad always wanted the best for me and my sister I think but I don't think he ever could get the best for us. My little sister was about one when he had started dating this one girl, my Dad and her fought non-stop, there would always be throwing, hitting, screaming, and blood, the police always showed up. After they had broke up, my Dad found some new girl and they ended up getting married after ONE FREAKING MONTH. To be honest I don't like my stepmom, she makes me feel like Im worthless, stupid, ugly, broken, hideous, and lots of others.. the thing is my Dad didn't tell me he got married until two weeks after the wedding. I was so frustrated I thought my only way out of all my stress and depression was cutting and suicide. My Dad and stepmom are still together today, my sister is five now and is a beautiful young lady and she's always happy, and is just perfect.. but me on the other hand my mom always yells at me everyday, she threatens to hit me, and put me in a foster home, and she calls me all these names that hurt me. I started fifth grade and made one friend that was a girl, I was happy but then I got a little too happy and told about mu cutting and attempts, and depression, she turned on me. People at school started hitting me and grabbing my wrists and ankles looking for scars, cuts, burns, etc. They never found any. I started walking to school because people on the bus used to hit me, dump my bag out, and do mean things to me. I started cutting myself more and more until my thighs, and wrists where shredded. My parents never noticed, they didn't care. I tried hanging myself in my front yard in June because I couldn't stand the bullying anymore and all the stress I was going through. It turns out the person who saved me was the person that bullied me the most, the guy that used to bully me is now my best friend and saviour. Yes I still do cut but I have cut back A LOT, and im very proud of myself. I stand up for myself more now. I have more friends that are willing to stand up for me. 
It started when I was 11. I just moved schools. Everything was alright, I even made a few friends.
A few months later, the school decided to make a completely new class in order to make the classes smaller (because apparently that helps with learning and eliminates bullying; Yeah, right!).
I was chosen to be moved form my old class to the new one. At first it was fine, everyone ignored me, and I was happy to be left alone. Then it started. One day after school a few people from my new class came to me.
"Hi" a girl said "Wanna be friends?"
I said "Yes" of course. She laughed and told me that she's sorry but her and her mates can't be friends with 'emo loners' like me.
A few more situations like that followed, but soon it turned physical. For a few weeks I was beaten up almost everyday after school. When I told the teacher, she said I can't move classes and that's final. So I was stuck with those horrible people. I started cutting myself, and cried myself to sleep every night. But after a few more months of putting up with that, I decided to tell my family. They didn't do anything at first, but after a while got tired of me moaning about how I hate school and talked to the head teacher. A week or so after that I was moved to another class and avoided my bullies during break. They soon forgot about me. I'm perfectly fine now. I stopped cutting. I hardly ever cry. And all because I told someone who could actually do so something.
