Hi
My name is Elizabeth or Eliza or sometimes even Lizzia.
Where do I start....well from as far back as I can remember I've been bullied. From teachers to students to my own next door neighbours. I was born in Glasgow, Scotland but then moved to Norway when I was two. I lived there for almost five year and came back to my home in Aberdeen, Scotland when I was six. Now I lived, breathed and spoke Norwegian even my ancestry is Norwegian (or Danish still not sure about that) so when I came back to Scotland I was a scared six year old (older then everyone) starting a new school where nobody would understand me.

The bits I remember was this girl (I'm gonna call her Zoe) decide to pick on me because I was friends with the only other Norwegian girl Sunivia (pronounced Sun-eve-a). The bulling got worse when another girl (called Flora) left me when she found out I was still in nappies (diapers for you Americans) because I wet the bed. Anyway Sunivia left after my first year and the picking on got worse. When I was 11 my teacher made me take a Dyslexia test and I was told that I had Dyslexia and Dysgraphia (don't ask). It took them seven years to know that...seven years of hell and comments like:

'Why are you so stupid.'
'Your a year older.'

I left when I was twelve leaving my friends after the Headmistress kicked me out and any other student who had a mental health problem or was diagnosed with a learning disability (unless like my BFF Frieda who's mum worked at the school). I was angry and cried because I didn't know what I did wrong. Then I was moved to a new school and I knew from the moment I went there that I was gonna HATE it. The bulling that I'd tried so hard to escape from was back. And this time in a form I had not had since Kindergarten...boys. I had lived in a all girl school in Aberdeen for seven years and Zoe was back.

The boys thought it was funny that I was a book nerd and loved writing (which is probably why this is so long). My friend Amy was emotionally unstable and kicked me when see got made (she's stopped now and we're still firm friends). When I dyed hair for the first time they said:

'Burn the Witch'
'Burn the child of Satan.'
'Left handed Witch!'
'Burn the Faery Know!' (fairy child of Scottish myths).

That last one was extremely offensive because my ancestor was burned at the stake for being a 'Faery know' in the Witch burning rave in Scotland. When I entered my third year of senior school (8th of 9th grade) he boys started to touch me in inappropriate places, chuck my stuff against the wall, rip my things out of my hands and rip to shreds. The girls in my dorm (boarding school) were just as mean. I was often sick because I was scared to go to school. They took my clothes, school books and then took my shampoo and squeezed out the contence on my bed and left it there. They also his my stuff and stole my hoodies so I was left in a freezing castle by the sea with nothing to keep me warm. The teachers didn't help. I was off school more and I was scared for my mother.

My dad was in the army and his father was in the army and so on. They were all military officers with medals galore and a short temper. My father owns his own business and when I was 'sick' I was really watching out for my mother who is small, extremely skinny (almost anorexic) and I felt VERY OVERPROTECTIVE of her. As my grades slipped more arguments happened and more screaming matches between my father and I happened. Until my body couldn't take it anymore and I really was sick. As it turned out I had something called 'Viral Labyrinthitis.' If anybody had had this you know it is hell. You can't move without vomiting, I couldn't shower and I didn't eat much. The school kept pestering my mother sent me back. This lasted for a month before I was well enough to go back. I then had to see a Social Service lady who was trying to sort out the s- - - at home. I went back to school and the same boys then said to me
"Why don't you just stop being weird Bromby!"

And then I realised. Keep reading E. Keep watching Harry Potter and raving about it and how Sirius should not have died. Keep being wanting to be a red head like your grandmother and your first cousins once removed and second cousins. Be proud that you are a descendent of a 'Faery Know!' and that you are the granddaughter of the dead Kenneth McKenzie the person in charge of most of the Scottish Whiskeys distilleries in Scotland, be happy that your Great-Great-Great Grandfather Daniel Adamson manufactured the Manchester Ship Cannel in 1880s. Be happy that you have thousands of cousins who love you. Be happy that your Aunt gave birth to two amazing first cousins you see as your siblings.

After that year I moved schools again. I didn't know which school id move to but I knew I'd be put down a year again. I'm now sixteen years old and turning seventeen in December 2015 and I couldn't be happier. So my advice is to people (if your still reading) that never EVER give up on who you are. Never bottle up you emotions like I did. Let them out. Let them be known. Tell those bullies to stop it. Lead your own life. After all we only have one shot at it...
