My name is Eliana. My story begins in 6th grade. I was like any other girl, normally acting like myself! There were two guys that I had a crush on and had in fact told them. I was in gym with one of them and we were early. I was just talking to him and somehow we got to talking about how no one could ever like me. I said nothing and he blank out told me I was ugly and no one would ever go out with me. I was upset but showed no sign of it. Then while in class a very very close friend of mine was talking about the other guy I liked and She brought up how she told him I liked him and replied back that I was ugly and would never go out with me. I went home in tears that day.
 
But it did not end there. A bus ride became a hazard to me as well. Two people were always kind of jerks to me and I never said anything. But the girl who was three grades higher than I hit me in the nose. But I am too little to do anything. So I cried and said nothing. But later that year another person bigger than I came and sat behind me. He was always a bully but never physically. It was  like 90 degrees on the bus and everyone was about to die of sweat. So I was told to crack my window by the other high-schoolers. So I did. The guy who was sitting behind me reached over to roll it up and was pushing me aside to reach it. so I let him roll it up no problem. then I was fussed at by the rest of the bus to roll it back down. So I did as told. But this time he grabbed my arm and jerked me over to roll it up. So in self defense I held the window down. He stuck his fingers into the window while rolling it up and had his fingers smashed. In return he bashed my head into the window a couple times.
 
Of course I told on him but nothing happened. We moved away from that school and attended a new one. My first few days were fine. but Getting into the next week It got worst. I was said to of called another girl a dirty word when I didn't even know her. I was OK with this because no one believed her. But a couple days later in gym I was shoved to the ground and my glasses were kicked to the other side of the gym. I called my parents to come get me and told them why. They told the principal what happened but he did not believe me and called me a liar. But then walking down the hall became hard. I was pushed, punched, tripped, and slapped. But once again no one would believe me. But then one day a boy came behind me and drew his hand back to slap me in the head. His hand was grabbed by a fellow teacher and he was punished. but the higher authorities did not believe him either. I was withdrawn and put in online school following that event.
