When I was in first grade, I went to school with my best friend. We would always be together at all times no matter what and we were like two peas in a pot. Until I reached second grade. My friend and I were still very close, until a new girl came into the picture. She started telling me rude things to me. I tried to ignore her, but each day it got worse and worse and it brought me down. I started to feel less confident about myself each day from her mean and cruel words. To make things worse, she stole my best friend. The friend who I trusted all the time, but I tried to move on. Soon, my "old friend" started calling me mean things back to me along with the other mean girl. I tried to ignore them, but it was useless. I would cry when I went home, and I would convince my  mom into homeschooling me everyday. Finally, she home schooled me. I was home schooled for about 5 years or so, and throughout those years, I've had 2 friends who back-stabbed me and betrayed me. It hurt me, but I got through it because I knew they weren't worth it. When I reached 7th grade, I was feeling lonely being at home and I decided I wanted to go back to school. My mom put me into school in the middle of the year, which made things very awkward for me. The first week of starting school, it felt weird because I had started in the middle of the semester and I didn't really know anyone. People would look at me like I was an alien. There was a group of mean/popular girls that would tease me for little reasons. It made me feel insecure about myself. The school that I attended was a private school, so the kids were very snotty and rich, and they would think that they're all that. And also, there is alot of bullying going in that school, and I know a kid who tried to commit suicide from the harsh words some kids would tell him.  I told my mom how I felt, and she told me that I should stand up to myself and tell them how I felt. I was scared to stand up for myself, (I'm a very shy person) but I realized the more I ignored them, the worse it gets. So I spoke up. But I didn't tell them alone, I had others who had been dealing with the same thing. We told them to stop bullying us because it bothered us. We told them that it affected us and that they should not continue to do this to us or anyone else. Finally, the teasing stopped. I met new and loyal friends that made me feel confident about myself, and I learned that no matter what a bully tells you, you shouldn't ignore it and brush it off. Never suffer in silence. Speak up, tell a parent or a friend, don't deal with him/her alone. Also, be confident in yourself, you're beautiful, no matter what. <3
