When I was in elementary school I literally had no friends, and got laughed at all the time. I first was bullied in preschool, and since I was in 4th grade it got started to get bad. When I was in the 6th grade the kids in charge of the school newspaper published a comic of me getting laughed at and forgetting to prepare for 6th grade camp, with the subtitles reading do not be like *** (they used my nickname they use to laugh at me). When I was in middle school I also had no friends and ate lunch by myself. 7th grade I got made fun of fairly often at first, with a few times of kids being so mean to me in class I had to leave (especially p.e.). There was one day when this kid literally chased me around the whole class for the last several minutes of class threatening to kill me after he pushed me, all while he was yelling out mean things as I was running away in fear. Other then that, every other couple days he would say something really mean to me and loud so everyone could hear. At the end of the year it got worse. There were kids who yelled out offensive names (literally yelling super loud) at me during lunch across the cafeteria so that everyone heard. This happened almost every day at the end of the year. Not one person ever did anything about it, nobody ever stood up for me, not once, teachers didnt do jack. 8th grade started out the same, no friends and got laughed at occasionally. Then about 3 weeks in, this guy really started being mean to me, and pushed me into the wall several times (on several different days) in my face still yelling at me embarrassing the trash out of me. Shortly after this in about the 5th week, several 7th graders started being very mean to me during lunch. About a week later more kids joined in, then more kids joined in, then some more. Soon, I was being made fun of by nearly a third of the 7th grade class on a daily basis, constantly being laughed at when someone said something mean, and my grades dropped and became miserable and depressed. There was one day I remember where I had to finish a test out in the hallway from missing a day of school, and while I was out there, there were kids taunting me through the window in the classroom. There were days when there would be several kids following me home after school, laughing in my face and poking me, occasionally shoving me and often they would kick at my feet, one day this all happened after I was immediately publicly announced/humiliated in front of and laughed at by everyone right when I stepped out the doors outside by the large group of kids hanging outside after school. Then one day, I ended up sitting at an assembly surrounded by a bunch of 7th graders (I was in an accelerated math program, so seating for my class was different from other 8th graders) who were all laughing at me and being mean. I yelled out "shut the f*** up", then this beach does the evil where she said "awww is baby gonna cry". After seeing everyone laughing at me and being mean, I ended up crying. So I left where I was at and went to the corner of the assembly bleachers by myself, crying in the corner. Several minutes later, the assembly started, and it was all about bullying and how if affects people and awful things that have happened, and ways to stop it and how people must try to stop it. This was awful for me, already crying in pain from it seeing awful things that have happened to others from it and how bad it was for me, and the fact that not one person has ever stood up for me my whole time there when the message of the whole assembly that was repeated throughout the whole thing was to make sure you stop it when you see it. I ended up crying the whole time. Not one person cared or said anything. After that day, I got made fun of almost the whole time during lunch on a daily basis, as well as regularly during while switching classes. Then towards the last month, I took action, I ended up grabbing several kids by the shoulders and shoved them into the wall during lunch, and when they snitched (of course these weasels did), I got called to the principles office, where I was about to be expelled for being "violent" towards several kids. I told them I was being severely bullied, and that the kids I grabbed by the shoulders were the ones who were the worst. I spent 2 days in the principles office half the day telling about everything that has happened. They gave me a break, I got in no trouble at all, while the kids who I told about got parent notifications for their behavior, they got in no real trouble though. After this, I still got bullied occasionally, but not by any of the main 7th graders anymore. I didnt do anything about it though because I was used to it. Same followed through high school, still got dissed occasionally, but not nearly as bad as middle school (and I literally live right behind that middle school with a view of it in my room too, which is hard to deal with sometimes)
