Okay so my story starts when I was in 3rd grade . Everything had been good up until then. I wasn't ever the prettiest , at the time I was struggling with my weight , and I struggled in school a lot . I got made fun of a lot and I didn't have any friends but one the friend that I had have since kindergarten . I dreaded going to school . Everyday i got made fun of . People would whisper under there breath things like ugly , fatty , stupid , hippo , whale , and a lot of other things . It never really got physical there would be people shoving shoulders and push sometimes . I went home and cried most nights . It was like that most the year until the last couple months . When I randomly got presents from a boy at school . We ended up dating he made me feel like I really had someone .The mean comments and occasional pushes still were there but it didn't both me as much while me and (unnamed boy) were dating . We dated all through 4th grade and most of 5th grade until middle of the year when we broke up. 5th grade we basically weren't together we never really talked .5th grade was really bad . I was a "tom boy" . I still was struggling with my weight and was very self conscious . So I wore more lose shirts and sweat pants most the time . I didn't have any real friends most the time I just hung around with the boys . One of them I had a crush on . I told a girl that I thought was my real friend . She told him and he said ew I would never date her . She came to me after that laughing telling me what he said and said that no guy likes me because I'm ugly . I went how that night crying .the rest of that year was bad . It was third grade all over again . 6th grade wasn't as bad . I got use to the pushes and rude comments I had gotten close with a guy and we ending up dating . We dated for around 8 months . It started off good then around 5 months he tried make do sexually things like send him pictures and other thing . It ended up getting physical rarely but it did . He would punch me in the chest , push me against walls aggressively , or aggressively grab me to wear it hurt . I eventually ended up getting out of that relationship . The night we did break up I went running to my best friend whom was a guy that I had know since pre-k . He comforted me and was there for me made me feel special told me I was beautiful and that he loved me . We ended up dating 2 months later and dated for 8months it was a horrible relationship but I chose not to see it like everyone else did . But He was really rude to me all the time . Told me I would never be enough that I wasn't beautiful wouldn't ever stick up for me when his friends called me rude named he would just sit there and laugh when one of his friends grabbed my butt it was bad . Over summer heading into 7th grade I struggled with depression and it caused me to lose a lot of weight I went through a really tough time I found out that my grandma that I was really close to had cancer my parents were always arguing and I didn't have anyone it felt like .i started cutting it got pretty bad . 7th grade got a lot better . I didn't get made fun of as much but an occasional freak etc. It didn't bother me that much . I was still going through a lot at home and with my boyfriend . I met this guy Cody . He was really sweet . Always there for me . He was the first one that I told about me cutting . We were on the phone when I told him . I'd never heard someone cry so hard . He didn't tell me to stop . Instead he helped me through it and helped me stop . I ended up falling in love with him . I didn't have to guts to tell him for 3 months . I told him the night I broke it off with my boyfriend tuned out he felt the same way . We decided it was best to wait . When we did start dating it was amazing . He was always making me feel special and wanted . We've been dating 5months today . My boyfriend have me hope. I love him and can't imagine wear I would be without him
