Hi! My name is Kaetlynn. My story might be short because I only remember just a few points of it, and I guess that is a good thing. My dad is a Marine. (So I move around to different places, A LOT.) When I moved to Oceanside, CA, I went to a school on a Military base. Beginning of 6th grade is when it started. Nobody really talked to me, didn't want to be seen with me, said I was ugly. Basically I wasn't good enough to be a "cool kid" Come 7th grade, this boy (Whose name I won't mention) sat next to me in class. He liked me at first. But then one day he called me ugly, so my teacher moved him. From that day on he was horrible to me. I walked home everyday, so if I was walking home he would be far away, and if he saw me he would yell "B****!!!" Really loud, and all his friends and the girls with him would laugh. At school he would tell me "You're lucky you're a girl because if you weren't I would slap you." I told him I would have my dad talk to him, but he would say "Your dad is a white p**** B****" He would call me "snitch" everyday, and would bully me online by calling me a "b****." It went on & on. I went to the office at least 4 times and the principal never did anything. All she would say is "Please stop bothering her." Finally, after a 5th time of going, my mom threatened to get the police, and a restraining order involved. He FINALLY stopped. But it still went on here and there with other people, I was the "different" kid, even though i looked and acted perfectly normal, everyone around me would look and talk about me like I was something nasty or weird or different. It REALLY sucked to go through that all for 7th grade, and 8th grade. But I still kept my grades to all A's and tried to ignore it. Come high school everything eventually got better. Here and there kids will be mean and try to say nasty rumors to people that I "do stuff" with people. And the people who say this? I don't even know them. But if you are ever bullied reach out and get help! Don't be scared if you bug adults at school or anywhere too much about it. They need to help you.
