Hi people!:) I'm not gonna put my name but still here's my story. It all started when i was in the 3rd grade. I was one of the only girls who didn't have their ears pierced. I got teased for it. The thing is I don't WANT my ears pierced.Then in my 4th grade year, i was on the playground with one of my few friends and a boy in my class came up to me and pushed me off of the swing and literally SAT on me. I was really embarrassed. My friend helped me up and asked me if I was OK. Of course I was OK on the outside but in the inside i was confused and shocked. Then i just shrugged that off. Then in 8th grade. There was this girl and a guy she liked. And i guess he liked me and rumor was that he was going to ask me out. He told me that I was one of the prettiest girls ever and a awesome artist in font of all most everyone! Including the girl. Then she came up to me and said, " When you first came to this school, I was afraid you were the best artist but after our first art class, I wasn't so worried." TO MY FACE!!!
Then I just started to walk away but she grabbed my hair and yanked me to the ground. Then she raised her hand to punch me when my only friend pushed her out of the way and helped me up. My friend yelled at her, " What is wrong with you!? You wouldn't like it if someone came up to and did that! " My friend was the only person who-out side of my family- I really loved. My friend was the boy who liked me. Now he's my boyfriend and will all ways stand up for me. He's someone who will believe in my before anyone else, or when no one else would. Kind of like my best friend but even more. He knows me and accepted me. He knows me better than anyone else. He makes me a better person. Wait, no he doesn't make me a better person I do that myself because he inspires me. I'll carry him with me forever. I'll all ways love him. And NOTHING can change that. 

-- 
it will be hard. it will hurt. it will require you to make better choices. there will be temptation. You need will power, it will require effort. there will be times when you want to give up. but once you reach your goal, i promise you, its worth it.
