My bullying experience included students AND teachers. The abuse was physical and emotional. But the crazy part of it was I was usually the one who got in trouble. Why? Because teachers would come in and see or hear me defend myself and automatically assume I was causing trouble. They never gave me a chance to tell my side of the story so the bullies would continue. Along with always siding with the liars, the teachers would bully me by shaming me in front of the class. My mistakes, my failures were always public knowledge because the teachers had zero problems discussing my problems in front of the class. It made me feel lower than low. I wanted to hide so I took to daydreaming to escape reality. The two events of teacher bullying that caused me the most damage occurred in 2nd and 7th grade. My 2nd grade teacher Mrs. S would assign my classmates to keep an eye on me to make sure I didn't get into a fight or do anything "bad". If I didn't have any incidents, they would tell her, "Diana had a good recess." If mess went down, they would tell her "Diana had a bad recess." I hated every moment of it. My self-esteem and self worth were slowly disappearing. It fully left when Mrs. S gave me a paper ribbon for having a good recess. I was proud of it until I got home. I don't remember what happened, but next thing I knew, I started crying and I tore that paper ribbon into tiny pieces. Looking at it now, I think I was crying over the fact that nothing seemed good enough for anybody. My parents, my classmates, my teachers. Why else would my teachers point out my flaws in front of my classmates? What made those kids think they were so great that they could lie on me and smile when I would start crying because once again, nobody believed me. But things came to a head in 7th grade. Miss G was my history teacher. She was a very cruel woman with a lot of issues of her own. She bullied everybody by tickling us in class and shaming us when we messed up either on an assignment or a test. Or in my case, I kept leaving my notebook in my other class because the binder I had couldn't support it and my parents weren't able to buy me another binder. Miss G would scream at me in front of the class and make me get up and get my notebook. I often wanted to die or disappear whenever she would do that. But the worst was when we had a test. I'd studied hard for that exam, but as they say, crap happens. I passed, but I didn't pass well. Miss G thought it would be funny to announce my grade to the class. I was beyond humiliated. If somebody had placed a weapon in front of me in that moment, I would have used it against her and most of the class because they thought it was hysterically funny. The grade wasn't recorded, but the damage had already been done. Some of the classmates hated me and my bad grade became public knowledge that would lead to taunts by various people. I can safely say that I completely understand when I hear about a kid shooting up their school because of bullying. Nobody did anything to put a stop to the bullying from the teachers or students...until my father came up to the school with a lawyer threatening to sue the school, teachers, and bullies. That squash it for the most part. The bullying came to a complete stop when I left junior high and entered high school. All the bullies went to another school so I got to finally have the school experience I deserved. I had next to no problems. I did have a few lousy teachers that require my dad's intervention, but otherwise the high school experience was very positive.
 
 
 
But I was left with multiple scars that were placed on my mind and heart. I didn't trust teachers as far as I could throw them. They had to show they were trustworthy for me to even think about asking them a question either in front of the class or in private. Yep, I got shamed by a few teachers because I asked a question they thought I should have known. After awhile, I decided it was better to take an F than be humiliated because I needed help. Within time, I got into counseling and did a lot of praying for me to finally get to the point where I could forgive them. I see now that the kids who bullied me did it because of insecurity and jealousy. But some of them most likely did it because their parents are bullies. That's usually how a bully is born. The parents treat people like dirt and the kid sees it. As for the teachers, I don't know what was going on in their lives, but I think it's wrong that a grown up would pick on a child. I was only a kid and I didn't deserve that. As for the teachers who stood by and did nothing to stop the bullying, they were just as bad if not worse than the bullies.
 
 
 
I'm happy to say that today my life is amazingly different. I have a husband and son who I love greatly. I have awesome friends who love me in spite of my mistakes. And even greater, I have a relationship with God that has gotten better with time. Vindication did come around on all of them. None of the teachers I had back then are teaching now. Miss G got a dose of her own medicine when she tickled a boy and he reported her. There was a new principal so he was more willing to listen. She lost her class and her humiliation was known around the whole school. All the years of publically shaming her students came back to haunt her. And the bullies at one point or another had somebody treat them the same way they treated me. I'll be honest, I was happy when I found out.
 
 
 
What I want to tell all of you who are being bullied is this, hang in there. The day is coming where your days of torture will be over. And once you're fully free, you'll be able to help other kids who are being bullied. Parents of the victim, be proactive. If the teacher won't stop it, go to the principal. Keep telling people until somebody listens. Use the lawyer only as a last resort. To bullies, what goes around comes around. The day is coming when you'll find out for yourselves what it feels like to have your life turned upside down by another person. Teachers, don't allow drama and bullying to go down in your classrooms. Always ask for both sides of the stories before rendering punishments. If you witness or hear bullying, don't just stand there. Don't ignore it. Put a stop to it right away. The reason why my bullying went on for 8 years was because some of the teachers just stood by and did nothing. Not cool. But most of all, I want everybody to know that life is too precious to waste it on hating somebody because they're different. Try to find common ground with the person who is different from you. Hate is such a waste of time and energy. God bless.
