Hi, im Angel and im 18 years old. Well my story about being bullied all started in 6th grade, I was getting picked on because I was to tiny for my age. Then I started getting picked on for the guys I would date, they would call me harsh names n some very bad words, I think everyone knows what im talking about, then I started getting made fun of because I got jumped in 6th grade and expelled from a school and had to change schools, when I change schools people were spreading rumors about me and cyberbullying me telling me to go kill myself n such, then 7th grade year came around and the bullying got worse I had people wanting to fight me and jump me for even trying to talk to kids, I told adults like school officials sadly they did not take action. I even told my parents but they didnt believe me. In 8th grade everything was ok. 9th grade year came around and I gotten really sick over the summer so I was skinny so I got called names such as scranny, toothpick, stick, and ect. 10th grade year I got called down to my bestfriends well use to be bestfriends house and got jumped by 1 girl and 4 guys. Then 11th grade I finally made some good friends and the bullying kinda got semi ok except for the rumors and people calling me really mean words and telling lies on me. Around 11th grade year I then started having thoughts of cutting never really tried but once with my finger nails it hurt so I stopped. Now im in 12th grade year and I have made a facebook page to stop bullying and writing my senior research paper on bullying I wanna help others who have been bullied or is getting bullied I think bullying needs to be stop and schools should start taking action, are schools are always on the news for bullying but nothing is done. Well that is pretty much my whole story and the advice I give you is dont listen to what people say, you are beautiful in your own way. And still to this day im bullied but I kinda got use to it except for the depression and the crying myself to sleep part. Well thats it.
