I put my regular clothes in my bag. After gym I came into the locker room and discoverd my clothes were missing, I asked the other girls if they had seen them, they all said they hadn't, I swear I heard the snickering afterwards. So me and my friend looked and looked eventually I found them. Have you ever seen the movie Karissa stands strong? If you have, you know the scene where Karissa discovers her clothes in a trash can? Well that's where I foun mine. I was so upset and embarrassed I changed and ran out as fast as could, the tears streaming down my face. All I could think was how could someone do this? What did I ever do to deserve this? I just wanted answers, and no one could give me any. When I got home I ran into my mothers open awaiting arms, rivers of my tears were rushing down my face. The school had called my mom because my friend had told my teacher of the incident. My mom knew that I had been bullied before being called 4-eyes, fat, slut, spoiled rich brat, ugly, gigantic, etc. But it was nothing compared to this, I was so embarrassed and ashamed, maybe I did deserve this, I thought. I spent the rest of the day crying in my mothers arms, she was comforting me the best she could. After this incident the bullying had mostly stopped after my teacher told the class, I was so embarrassed I was crying, I could tell everyone was holding back small giggles. Eventually I changed schools, mostly because I moved, I thought the bullying would stop and it did for a bit. A few weeks ago I found out my closest friends had been talking behind my back telling the 'populars' my secrets and were insulting me. I eventually had enough and told them off. Know a days I know who my real friends are and ignore the others, I got comforting from my family and I would never dream of telling any of my teachers as one or two of them insulted me in front of my class once or twice last year. What I'm trying to say is tell someone you truly trust. The only reason why bullies bully is because they want someone to feel down and how they feel. After telling someone dosent work don't be afraid to ask a parent or legal guardian if you can switch schools, or if your older switch your job. It's not worth staying their if your not confortable and feel safe. 
