Hi, my name is Jess . I'm 13 years old and live in NSW, Australia with my Mum, brother, sister and Dad. I was first bullied in year 1 after recently transferring from a private school to a public school. I was very shy back then and therefore did not make friends easily. As we lived on a farm, I had to catch a bus home every afternoon with a bunch of cruel, dirty seniors  who constantly pushed and shoved me around. There was this one girl, Cody, who used to call me names all the time, some better than others, and would slap me around whenever I tried to tell the teacher. It stopped after she left and I soon began to make friends and enjoy school. Well, you can't say 'enjoy,' more like 'tolerated.' My year 1 teacher was an absolute cow. She humiliated me in front of the class and abused my family in private. Whenever I told my parents, they would just ignore me and continue with whatever they were doing. I was lost. I consoled in my best friend Jakeisha at the time and she brought her phone in a recorded an exchange between me and the teacher. She then showed it to the principal and the teacher was suspended. 
 
I got through the rest of primary school pretty well. I was reasonably popular, top in every class and played in every school sport team there was. I had recently reunited with my best friend Lexie from kindergarten when more trouble started. I was in year 4, and the guy I liked had a crush on Lexie. Normally, I wouldn't care, but because although she knew I liked him, like REALLY liked him, she went out with him and then said to me: "You can have him when I'm finished with him." I was heartbroken and stopped talking to her for a couple of years. In that time, she spread rumours about me and my family life; my Dad was cheating on my Mum and was going to move out. Some were true, some were not. The fact that she embarrassed me in front of the whole school did not matter to her and she just waved it off. It wasn't til the end of year 6 that we became friends again and even then I didn't like her that much. We started high school together and grew closer as each day passed. It was then when I met Eliza. A kind, caring girl who had had trouble with her previous friends. I decided to become friends with her, even though Lexie didn't like it, and we soon became EXTREMELY good friends. Soon Lexie came to accept Eliza and they became good friends, which was nice, but unfortunately Lexie decided to steal her away from me. At first Eliza refused, but because of Lexie's persuasive techniques and constant convincing, she soon stopped hanging out with me and spent more time with Lexie. After a couple of months we started being friends again and have stayed that way since. As I didn't tell anyone, and those I did didn't listen, I started thinking about suicide. Of course, I didn't act on it, but I often thought about what they would say if they woke up one day and I was gone... 
