My name is Gemma. I have been bullied for most of my life. And I've never spoken about it until now, 15 years after it first started.
I've literally faced bullying for as long as I can remember; at least since pre-school. I had three very good friends, one of whom was a boy. I was never pretty, even as a kid, or athletic. Kids teased me mercilessly for it. I cried easily. I remember one day we had a substitute teacher who was telling us a story. The kids started teasing me in front of her until I cried. I asked her in front of everyone to make them stop, but she simply shook her head as if in disappointment.

When I got to primary school, I thought it would be okay, but it was so much worse. I can't remember everything from earlier years, but around grade 3 and up is when it got really bad.

I was always a tomboy. Mainly because I didn't have a skinny figure like other girls. I kept my hair relatively short and wore baggy clothes. Because of this, I didn't fit in. When I tried to do something about my appearance, be more girly, it was even worse. They called me a freak. They said I would be better off dead. They made up songs about me. Two particularly popular ones were, "G-E-M-M-A, Gemma makes the straight guys gay," and "Look at me, I'm Gemma (last name), lousy with stupidity. Won't go to bed till I'm legally dead. I can't, I'm Gemma (last name). They would tease me if I liked someone, and tease someone else if they liked me. Sometimes, it got physical. The worst was when a boy yanked my school bag off me so hard it took the skin off my arms.

In high school, I went to an all girls school. Some girls from my primary school also went there, but they ignored me almost completely. It was there that I met Hanna and Carla, the two worst influences of my life. They befriended me, but would tease me and laugh at me behind my back. Both smoked and drank and tried to be "bad girls," while I always tried to be good. They teased me even more for this. Halfway through my first year, I met my best friend, Lexi. She never gave in to them, and always stood up for me. Even still, I became anorexic and clinically depressed, which I still struggle with. In grade 10, I started going out with the ex of one of my friends. In the space of a week, she'd turned everyone in the grade against me, even though she didn't really like him. I got called a w****, a s***, a b****. When we broke up, it was sweet revenge for her. I lost all my friends except for Lexi. Carla even facebooked me saying what a worthless person I was.

After years, I'd finally had enough. I told the girl I was sick and tired of it, and she backed off. In fact, we're actually best friends again. Anthony and I got back together, and have now been dating for over 6 months. He makes me strong, and makes me feel beautiful, even though I don't deserve it. I'm studying art, first year, at the top school in the country. I graduated from high school with 2 distinctions and am hoping for another when the re-marks are back. The bullies graduated at an average level. Carla, last I heard, was a drop out and Hanna fell pregnant at 17.

I could say so much about what I went through, and I still carry so much anger with me, especially towards girls who think they can be mean because they're more popular or prettier than other girls. I tried so many times to stand up for myself, but ignoring it was always what made it worse. Never ignore it. Stand up for yourself and others. Talk to teachers. Talk to parents. Make people see who is the victim. Remember, being a victim does not make you weak, but being hopeful makes you strong.
